remove the reference to a vcdm from the terminology and intro (#100)
vcstuff/draft-terbu-sd-jwt-vc: draft-terbu-sd-jwt-vc.md

## Terms and Definitions

This specification uses the terms "Holder", "Issuer", "Verifier", defined by
[@!I-D.ietf-oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt].

Verifiable Credential (VC):

> :  An Issuer-signed Credential whose authenticity can be cryptographically verified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:  An Issuer-signed statement about a Subject whose authenticity can be cryptographically verified.
```

Reviewer: I'm ok with this change but we should not introduce Credential since we don't have a definition for that. I'll replace with the definition above.
